# Docs & Community SIG meeting - YYYY-MM-DD

**Facilitator:** Roddie Kieley (@RoddieKieley)
**Notes taker:** Roddie Kieley (@RoddieKieley), Shauna Gordon (@ShaunaGordon)

[Agenda]()

## SIG Updates

- First recurring meeting of revived SIG group
- Naomi reported between meetings that Roddie has maintainer access, Shauna should have reviewer and can start going through process to gain maintainer
- Jan Hanca (@JanHanca) of Robotec joined in and called out his PR bringing dev into parity with main
- Reviewed repo settings to see how to lock down main so that no more commits go to it without going through dev/stabilization


### Action items

- Roddie to double-check Shauna's reviewer perms, then other maintainer perms to prune maintainers
- Jan to update parity PR
- Shauna to start reviewing and triaging PRs/Issues, take point reviewing Jan's PR when ready
